Yoshi was if any, or Now
That Yoshimura-san Yoshimura's specialty is a smashing game.
Start sewing but at that time
In particular than
I did
It's a little bit of charity This is a chance to get off this Monde 9
Colors yes aa ー ー じ ゃ then Southern minutes
55 par from Inoue full length etc
This is the last time background Tsun there incision but what do
Oh who really
Te live-action main water last time
5 divisions 8 e
I'm happy
Ah ah ah ah
Said it is seen here
Ah ah A'
Ah ah ah ah
Let's do it
Ha
Film society flower from 2008
It kinda becomes the starting lineup conflict Well all in from the air
Ne say Well so
If it is still a picture of still enough , the random dance mall ends here
This is Inoue and Yoshimura's perfect tweet and figure.
Let's give Hakyoshi Hakyoshi a fool before all
I know that this is the video 2400 .
I got a lock-on or got Tanaka to catch up
There was light again in Yoshimura
Yaro
Inoue hair is nice and Monde's live-action reach
It was the staff of it that it was a night club
It was
It is also that basket eyebrows the writer I more crossing in the place
Yamada I receive
Come here
It's a start cut for everything
Yes yeah
Dangerous dangerous in the selection cut orchid
I do not know yet, this is getting less
Oh
And end the meeting that got the equivalent was whether Yoshimura or referred to in phew
Haan
me
usa
Put your hands together
The weight Socorro Desun
Who bought each of these four people who each made a show
Ah ah ah ah
Well then
We will continue to announce Yoshimura players
Deputy Director General Inoue
13193 shots
At this moment I showed a catch up of Yoshimura temporary top wonder
Poko beauty
100011529
The provisional top at this point is Yoshimura
Ebara is really
10,000
8160 collector
Ehara Masahiro stood at the top
Now the strongest illumination ringer
I think it's a really great fight, it's true
Because darkness fat as defined in the late Ne really Hokuto's gar
Well I'm could not be absolute but people but could be from
Yeah I do not have to listen so much to the main
Anmaria and a little growing business decisions battle 2
It is Hiroyuki Hatahara who got the video
Was a big hit 22 go around it stunning et al large victory
Still a mistake ah
I was able to put out about order order fit
It is very disappointing that the hot summer notice was not hit
To Ne Mao souvenir
I would like to say I did it, but I will try hard next time, please choose
Thank you very much
Ouka Ranbu path set multiplied by the life in one silver ball
There is a very interesting game
After all, to make over hard
Time of looking at the day
The pride of the veteran who on scattered throughout the country
Omega handy day
Do Caution is looking for Sakura
see you
Any day
Awa